hello my name is Anna Len I'm come from
Taiwan my name is Josette and my mother
could come from Greece and my father
from Germany hello my name is Kevin my
parents come from Sri Lanka yeah is Papa
the third of this is over the classes
here are my name is Pascal and I come
from Germany and we all go to
international school and noise is our is
on the one hand gun stocks ruler and on
the other hand a member of the sabbath
school network and educational
organization which manages schools
worldwide sabes offers and
internationally oriented curriculum
which concentrates on the core subjects
of English math and world languages this
prepares students successfully for
university or several internationally
recognized diplomas the ISR is located
in noise the city near Dusseldorf and
cologne
it's eight o'clock in the morning and we
are in front of the eyes are noise I
would like to give you a guided tour for
our school building and you will see we
are different there are a few things
that are different to other schools and
a few things that make us special and on
the academic side if I could think of
the top three things one would be our
structured curriculum the second would
be our frequent system of assessing and
the third thing would be the support and
follow up that we give our students I
think it's better than the German school
system because someone passing is not as
loud and as like hectic and every you're
like put into your level of what you're
able to learn it's not everybody in one
class it's just on your level well for
all of our students as opposed to other
schools we look at a child's age and
what grade level they're coming from
when they come to our school but we
don't use this information to determine
where they go just because they're eight
doesn't mean that they need to go to
grade 2 maybe they should be in grade 3
and as opposed to other schools or
international schools where children are
coming in and out teachers are coming in
and out and you never know what did they
learn we know what our children learn
and we can always build on that from
year to year so on the academic side
these are features of any cyber school
that make us special and different let's
have a closer look into our class mr.
Roth I'm miss Rick will tell us about
their lessons ok school day always
begins with homeroom after homeroom the
students go to the first class and then
they have a morning break and some more
lessons and lunch and usually at the end
of the day they have student life period
which can be anything from sports to
homework club to extra study two games
lessons are based around group work
basically the teacher will introduce a
topic give their students a little bit
of information and then put the students
into groups where they will try and
answer different questions or do
activities depending on the subject
the advantage for the the students is
that they're taught a very small piece
of information and it's made the teacher
makes sure that they understand that
before they move on the teachers not
standing up in front of the room talking
the entire lesson the students get a
chance to to right to speak to work in
groups to listen so I think it's
effective that they use many different
learning styles in each lesson this is a
special room where we usually write our
exams compared to German schools with a
special testing system which is one of
the things that makes us unique the
testing system is based on tests and
then retest so usually in most schools
you find that will test the students at
the end of the term and then at the end
of the term if the student hasn't
understood the material it's too late to
reteach them anything usually so we test
throughout the term find out what sort
of things the students don't know and
then we can reteach them before we get
to the end of the term or the end of the
school year from you get tested like
five times a week it's it's better
because you know whether you're good at
what you're doing or not when they're
tested every week you can see very
clearly what they're learning and how
they're learning it and if they're
learning it well and everything is
online so parents can always access if
there's no hiding report cards under the
bed or anything like that because it's
all online
after all school work and the time we
spent in class there's a place we can go
to relax in the cafeteria we find a
variety of menus and the chance to talk
to teachers and other students
you said players with other ways to
develop our personal talents student
life organization mr. Chang will tell
you more about it the student life
organization is is principally the whole
hub of the school it's it's a student
based program where the students get
involved in their school life we have
four main departments activities
academics behavior and all other
discipline and outreach the four
departments are run by prefix these are
students who volunteer to take part and
take more responsibility and that's a
principle of the Student Life program so
what it allows us to do is to get the
students to organize their own
activities so they may come to me and
say I'd like to organize a soccer
activity or I'd like to organize a chess
activity and they can do that the
academic department look after many of
the academics of the students in
addition to their classroom so when
students are finding their academics
difficult we can set up peer tutors who
are students who go in and help
specifically those children who need
additional help it's excellent it really
does give the students the opportunity
to get involved in their school and to
become involved in that and actually be
allowed to develop that program okay and
how their school develops beside our
personal engagement there's the
possibility for our parents to get
involved in school life we call it
parent network
network at ISR is an informal
organization of the parents at the
school we consider ourselves the bridge
between the families and the
communicated the community of families
outside and the administration of the
school we don't and get involved in
running any of the administrative
aspects of the school we also don't
influence the curriculum or micro manage
those parts of the school but the school
is busy with itself educating our
children and we are we as parents we
want to know what's going on we also
want to be able to influence key aspects
of it and basically enrich enrich the
community life a very good I find it's
very nice but I can actually give my
opinions on the opinions of the parents
of the children in the class of my
daughter to say you know give input to
to be able to sort of participate in the
everything that happens at the school
and make it make it happen also so I
find a very very positive experience the
year 2007 is a special year for our
school we will move and turn your school
building the new eyes our campus will
cover about forty one thousand square
meters and is situated near the noises
tugboat close to the autobahn and to
public transport it is built for eight
hundred students the architecture
perfectly matches the concept of our
school there will be for example offices
for teachers multi-purpose rooms special
classrooms for teaching music languages
science and arts
thank you for joining our true and I
hope you enjoyed it I also hope that you
see that we're different in many ways
first I would say that we are part of a
worldwide network a network that started
more than 120 years ago we teach the
group of children but monitor the
individual and we do this through
computer technology they either help one
another with tutorials lead activity
groups or even help us manage the school
so this student life organization is
it's a very important factor in our
school see you soon and I i knows
you